This file contains a summary of changes in each version after 1.3.
For fuller details, see ChangeLog and ChangeLog.0.

Version 2.0
===========

* All games updated to NetBSD-current as of 1997-12-12 (except for
paranoia).  Hunt and boggle are now based on the NetBSD versions.

* Many bugs fixed.

* Added countmail.

* Better libc6 support - adventure should now work.

* No longer uses libbsd with libc5.

* Nearly warning-free compile with -Wall -W -Wstrict-prototypes
-Wmissing-prototypes.

* Hunt now uses internet domain sockets (untested).

Version 1.5
===========

* All games updated to NetBSD-current as of 1997-07-12 (except for
bog, hunt and paranoia).

* Added adventure, banner, dm, phantasia, pig, quiz, random and rogue.
(Rogue is in bsd-games-non-free only).

* BETA level libc6 support.  (It may not yet compile, but should be
nearer to compiling with libc6 than version 1.4.)

Version 1.4
===========

* Fish, fortune and hangman updated to the versions in NetBSD-current.

* Public release.

Version 1.3.4beta
=================

* Bug fix in backgammon.

* Backgammon, battlestar, bcd, caesar, canfield, cribbage and factor
updated to the versions in NetBSD-current.  As a side-effect, caesar
now installs a `rot13' script.

* Tetris score file now defaults to tetris-bsd.scores for consistency
with using tetris-bsd in the names of files installed from tetris.
(The rationale of this is that there is more than one Tetris game and
this one should not presume to be the one that takes the
/usr/games/tetris name; that should be a decision for the
administrator, who can reasonably install more than one Tetris game.)
Nor should other files such as the man page or score file potentially
conflict with other Tetris games.  Of course, you can configure the
package to use the old score file name (or any other) if you want.

Version 1.3.3beta
=================

* Non-free package now contains all the files required to build on its
own.  It can now be built on its own, or in the same source tree as
bsd-games; the files that appear in both are exact duplicates.

* Bug-fixes in backgammon and sail.

Version 1.3.2beta
=================

* Non-free games (bog and paranoia) now distributed separately -
unpack both source packages together before configuring if you want to
build them.

* Configuration script improved: now the default list of games to
build is the list of subdirectories, and you can configure the exact
paths to score files and data files for individual games using it - so
they are always correctly substituted in the manpages.

* Bug-fixes in backgammon, snake and worm.

* Arithmetic and atc updated to the versions in NetBSD-current.

Version 1.3.1beta
=================

* Now works with libc 5 ;-).

* Debian patches from Joey Hess <joeyh@master.debian.org> mostly
integrated up to Debian version 1.3-7.

* New ports of tetris and gomoku, thanks to David Frey
<david@eos.lugs.ch>.

* Distributed as source only.

* Many bug-fixes to battlestar.

* Configuration script, now substitutes correct paths in manpages.

* Defaults hopefully closer to FSSTND/FHS.

* Builds with ncurses by default.  Curses/termcap are obsolete and no
longer supported (not that this package is supported anyway ;-)).
